feat(forms): Create Checkbox component (#1252)
contentful/forma-36: packages/components/forms/src/radio/Radio.mdx

---
title: 'Radio'
type: 'component'
status: 'stable'
slug: /components/forms/src/radio/
github: 'https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/tree/master/packages/components/forms/src/radio'
storybook: 'https://f36-storybook.contentful.com/?path=/story/form-elements-radio--basic'
typescript: ./Radio.tsx
---

> `Radio` is a form component, that shows a checkbox with it's label, if you want to let the user select multiple options, use the `Checkbox` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Radio` is a form component, that shows a radio input with its label. It is used to allow users to choose single option from the list. If you want to let the user select multiple options, use the `Checkbox` component.
```
